you are listening to it welcome to the
Pokemon YouTube war in this video we've
got lots of changes lots of changes in
the room as you can tell wait where's
where's that shop oh wait it's over
there now I'll wait and wait whoa
everything's changed in this set we're
there is going to be a new bed placed in
a new bed that looks like outcasts it's
kind of weird but anyways that's what we
wanted to tell you and then the first
episode much you're about to see there
is actually um let's say no bad involved
yet so the first episode is gonna be
kind of weird but make sure to tune in
bye you guys okay you guys know I hope
you just crammed in here right now
obviously if you could until we're very
crammed in here but this is a tee graph
nine clan and nothing's gonna beat us
right you guys right now how are we
going to do this we've got three
different enemies that we got to get and
basically we got to do this fast also
we're screwed or seriously screwed if
not Piplup switch is mcmoney told me to
make totodile Piplup 22's caught being
clan and building a loft bed a lot that
are you kidding me that's going to be
their clan base they're in the midst of
building it right now we can't let them
defeat us so you must come up with a
plan and quick ha wow we got three
clients on the feet and look at this
huge tower we've got right here a nice
loft bed definitely and this is Mayock
totodile Piplup 22 clan right you guys
right
now how are we going to do this
seriously how are we going to do this
we're gonna suck a lot we've got Outkast
we've got Conan and got T graph nine to
face and we've got to stand victorious
if not we're screwed so does anybody
have any ideas so demolish them patrie
see your first I say we can just try and
destroy them we'll put a bomb in each
one i will save you join a different
clan and then bound them all that'll be
easy um but where we're gonna get the
bombs from I don't know I'm standing
suggestion but my suggestion suck much
lux we give them free hot dogs at how
poison and them plays in um munchlax why
are you on this team anyways you don't
get you you're horrible at this kind of
stuff you're horrible I don't know um
you guys picked me to be on your clan
remember yes as Liam Craig etat um I
really don't care about this at all I
just want to win so let's kill them off
that's what I'm saying good that's what
a war is about isn't it kind of but
whatever zubat sky Bob them bhama ya bum
totally dude party like a rock party
like a rock star no shut up i hate that
son fine um a pond um let's go with
distracting them or making a line to
somebody other clan and yeah make a new
plan huge clan beggar clan um I don't
know I upon but you know what you're
gonna think of this fast or else we're
screwed break dun dun dun dun
this is a this is the pole of this
episode
Pokemon clan leader Piplup Mudkip
Torchic or riolu obviously you haven't
seen Torchic oreos clan yet but here is
the whole of this episode thank you and
one listen that's right okay you guys
this is how we're gonna win this war
right you guys this is how we're gonna
win on can you tell us how hard on a win
first I just told you remember we can't
let anybody else know can't even let you
to feel as well oh okay so you know what
guess what boils my piss what those
other pathetic Pokemon leaders who think
they're better than I'll cast I'm a
pokemon plush videos first and I'm not
gonna let anybody to feed me with that
so this is how we're gonna do this you
guys we're going to bomb them bond them
all go destroy them and then we're going
to get a mass and we're gonna defeat all
of them so we're gonna boil their a piss
we're definitely going to boil their yes
okay guys it's called Conan not conan
conan not conan so everybody here let me
hear what our team name is called Conan
tema know conan conan not conan conan
conan team Starly weren't you only
person saying it i don't know because i
actually care you shut up okay you shut
up uh maybe you should shop you a little
gay weakling shut up shut up you all
leave Britney Alone leave her alone
leave
ding ling Ling Ling Ling oh my god I
hate this team this sucks this really
sucks yeah well we should probably get
going to talking about what we should do
right um um I guess we should probably
just go attack that's what I have to say
let's do this and do this quick sigh
duck side up shut up sie doch side I get
stuck for retards oh it sucks oh this
sucks really really badly and make sure
to watch the next episode of the YouTube
pokemon worn one missing and
why
I